Set feature request mode (#326)
Esri/arcgis-maps-sdk-kotlin-samples: samples/set-feature-request-mode/README.md

* `OnInteractionCache` - fetches features within the current extent when needed (after a pan or zoom action) from the server and caches those features in a table on the client. Queries will be performed locally if the features are present, otherwise they will be requested from the server. This mode minimizes requests to the server and is useful for large batches of features which will change infrequently.

* `OnInteractionNoCache` - always fetches features from the server and doesn't cache any features on the client. This mode is best for features that may change often on the server or whose changes need to always be visible.

  > **NOTE**: **No cache** does not guarantee that features won't be cached locally. Feature request mode is a performance concept unrelated to data security.

* `ManualCache` - only fetches features when explicitly populated from a query. This mode is best for features that change minimally or when it is not critical for the user to see the latest changes.

## How to use the sample

> Choose a request mode by clicking on a radio button. Pan and zoom to see how the features update at different scales. If you choose "Manual cache", click the "Populate" button to manually get a cache with a subset of features.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Choose a request mode by clicking on the drop down menu. Pan and zoom to see how the features update at different scales. If you choose "Manual cache", click the "Populate" button to manually get a cache with a subset of features.
```
